Add troubleshooting instructions for proxying multiple applications (#46)
louislam/uptime-kuma-wiki: Reverse-Proxy-with-Cloudflare-Tunnel.md

UPTIME_KUMA_CLOUDFLARED_TOKEN=`<your token>`

## Troubleshooting
### How to tunnel multiple applications

When you start a Cloudflare tunnel through an Uptime Kuma docker install, that tunnel can only be used for Uptime Kuma.
Running duplicate tunnels is [not supported](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/faq/cloudflare-tunnels-faq/#how-can-i-troubleshoot-a-tunnel-that-was-configured-from-zero-trust) and might result in unstable connections.

If you would like to proxy other containers or services through Cloudflare, then you will need to deactivate the tunnel that's built into Uptime Kuma, and install the cloudflared connector manually.
Specific instructions to install the cloudflared connector should be available on the same page that you copied the token from eariler. 

> Installing the connector directly will allow you to tunnel Uptime Kuma alongside other applications by adding additional Public Hostnames on the dashboard.

Reviewer: This is a very long 3 paragraphs for:
> When starting a `Cloudflare Tunnel` through `uptime-kuma`, this tunnel is limited to Uptime Kuma, as running duplicate tunnels is unsupported.
> If you like to use the `Cloudflare Tunnel` for other applications, refer to the `cloudflared` documetation and use it instead of the build-in connecter.

I know that a bit of fluff is good in documentations, but I think this is a bit excessive. What do you think about this?

Author: Sounds great. I like your phrasing better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting a `Cloudflare Tunnel` through `uptime-kuma`, this tunnel is limited to Uptime Kuma, as running duplicate tunnels is unsupported.

If you like to use the `Cloudflare Tunnel` for other applications, refer to the `cloudflared` documetation and use it instead of the build-in connector.
Specific instructions to install the cloudflared connector are available on the same page that you copied the token from eariler.
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
